Update security docs on cluster ports (#3046)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/setup/encryption.adoc

=== Configure the cluster SSL policy

By default, cluster communication is unencrypted.

> However, it is important to remember that without mutual TLS, any network-reachable client can replicate the database via the cluster port.

Reviewer: I don't get the "however" here. Do you imply "However, even if you change the default and encrypt it"?

> However, it is important to remember that without mutual TLS, any network-reachable client can replicate the database via the cluster port.

Author: ```suggestion
However, even if you change the default and encrypt it, without mutual TLS, any network-reachable client can replicate the database via the cluster port.
```
